---
title: Monday, December 27, 2021
author: Jack
date: 2021-12-27T00:00:00+00:00
draft: true
url: /2021/2021-12-27/
featuredImage: /wp-content/uploads/2021/12/olympia-tracing.jpg
categories:
  - Daily
tags:
  - Blogging

---
At times, I feel embarrassed about sitting here and writing for so long every day. There are so many other, more &#8220;productive&#8221; things I could (should?) be doing. But I love doing this. I love writing and sharing the things I&#8217;m thinking about. I love sitting in front of this beautiful monitor with this amazing keyboard attached to the best computer I&#8217;ve ever owned, and just typing.

I want only one blog. How the hell will I ever make that happen? Tinderbox is awesome but blogging with it requires a lot of setup and probably long-term fiddling. WordPress can do anything but feels clumsy. Ghost is slick and fast but feels focused on &#8220;building an audience&#8221; and doesn&#8217;t have comments or stats. Hugo is cool and fast and I get to use Emacs, but it&#8217;s also very&nbsp;_separate_&nbsp;from the actual rendered content. TiddlyWiki isn&#8217;t for blogging, even though it can be coerced into it. I&#8217;ll never be able to choose just one option and stick with it for more than, say 72 hours. For example right now I have 3 of my sites loaded in tabs and am weighing pros and cons of each and determining if any of them could be The One. I hate this.

&#8230;1 hour later&#8230;

I think I&#8217;ll focus on&nbsp;[copingmechanism.com][2]&nbsp;for now. I&#8217;m also considering either copying these daily notes into a daily post on&nbsp;[copingmechanism.com][2], or not publishing to the daily blog at all. I&#8217;ll just use Tinderbox for writing and organizing, then use WordPress for publishing. I do like the&nbsp;[daily.baty.net][3]&nbsp;blog output, though. But do I want to keep working at it so hard?[#][4]

It snowed overnight, so I finally got to use my new snowblower. Worked like butter. Clearing the driveway is now basically just walking back and forth for a few minutes.

 [1]: http://localhost/img/2021/20211227-spiders.png
 [2]: http://baty.net/
 [3]: http://daily.baty.net/
 [4]: http://localhost/posts/2021/12/27/I-got-to-use-my-new-snow.html
